Psalm 79 a psalm of Asaph Oh God
the nations have come into your
inheritance your holy temple they have
defiled they have laid Jerusalem in
heaps the dead bodies of your servants
they have given as food for the birds of
the heavens the flesh of your Saints to
the beasts of the earth their blood they
have shed like water all around
Jerusalem and there was no one to bury
them we have become a reproach to our
neighbors a scorn and derision to those
who are around us how long for it will
you be angry forever will your jealousy
burn like fire pour out your wrath on
the nations that do not know you and on
the kingdoms that do not call on your
name where they have devoured Jacob and
laid waste his dwelling place
oh do not remember former iniquities
against us
let your tender mercies come speedily to
meet us for we have been brought very
low help us O God of our salvation for
the glory of your name and deliver us
and provide atonement for our sins for
your name's sake why should the nations
say where is their God let there be
known among the nations in our sight the
avenging of the blood of your servants
which has been shed let the groaning of
the prisoner come before you according
to the greatness of your power preserve
those who are appointed to die and
return to our neighbors Sevenfold into
their bosom their reproach with which
they ever approached you O Lord
so we your people and sheep of your
pasture will give you thanks forever
we will show forth your praise to all
generations
you